Update forwarded cmd.exe commands docs (#1613)
nushell/nushell.github.io: book/coming_from_cmd.md

| `VERIFY`                             |                                                                                     | Verify that file writes happen                                        |
| `VOL`                                |                                                                                     | Show drive information                                                |

## Forwarded CMD.EXE commands

> Nu accepts and runs *some* CMD.EXE commands through `cmd.exe`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nu accepts and runs *some* of CMD.EXE's internal commands through `cmd.exe`.
```

> The forwarded commands are: `ASSOC`, `CLS`, `ECHO`, `FTYPE`, `MKLINK`, `PAUSE`, `START`, `VER`, `VOL`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The internal commands are: `ASSOC`, `CLS`, `ECHO`, `FTYPE`, `MKLINK`, `PAUSE`, `START`, `VER`, `VOL`
```

> These forwarded commands take precedence over external commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These internal commands take precedence over external commands.
```

> For example, with a `ver.bat` file in the current working directory, executing `^ver` leads to the CMD.EXE `VER` being executed, *NOT* the `ver.bat` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, with a `ver.bat` file in the current working directory, executing `^ver` executes CMD.EXE's internal `VER` command, *NOT* the `ver.bat` file.
```
